https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmCDvQecjA8

hey guys and welcome to cool vision in
this video we'll travel to boston
welcome to boston guys let's talk about boston

boston is the capital of the state of
massachusetts with a population of 675
000 people and 4.8 million people living
in the greater boston metropolitan area
boston is best known for its rich history, seafood, top university, baseball
the boston marathon and is probably one of the most european looking cities in
america let's start with its history
[Music]
the city was founded in 1630 by the
puritan colonists who came here escaping
religious persecution and it quickly
became the political and commercial
center of the new england region in the
1760s the british parliament passed a
succession of acts aimed at taxing the
colonists but american colonists
subjected to being taxed by the british
parliament in which they had no direct representation
which led to events like the boston
massacre when the british troops shot
into a crowd and killed five people
while they were protesting the stamp act
and the boston tea party when a group of
angry boston citizens threw a shipment
of tea by the british east india company
and to boston harbor as a response to
the tea act which was just another form
of taxation the british retaliated
harshly and the american revolution
began the patriots fought back
eventually forcing the british to
evacuate boston on march 17 1776

today the greater boston metropolitan
area has the sixth largest economy in
the country with a gross regional
product of 363 billion dollars the
city's economy centered on education
finance medicine and high technology
boston has a thriving jobs market
`top-notch universities` and access to
venture capital make it a global player
in innovation and entrepreneurship
amazon microsoft and google and other
big names have offices here
`general electric` `fidelity investments`
`liberty mutual` gillette new balance puma
and reebok all have headquarters here
did you know that dunkin donuts was founded in boston in 1950 
well technically 20 minutes away from boston
in quincy massachusetts city is a major seaport along the east
coast and the oldest continually
operated industrial and fishing port in
the western hemisphere
boston is a world leader in higher
education with more than 50 colleges and
universities including harvard and MIT
harvard is a private ivy league research
university located across the charles
river in cambridge there are thirty
thousand students currently and only
about five percent of applicants are
accepted into the school
it was founded in 1636 which makes it
the oldest institution of higher
education in the US. on its alumni list
you will find eight american presidents
75 nobel prize winners and also 29
billionaires according to the forbes
list. isn't that impressive? the
massachusetts institute of technology is
another private research university
established in 1861. it originated in
boston and was first known as boston
tech, it's known for its programs in
engineering and the physical sciences
right across the river from downtown
boston, you see
MIT over the years, it's played a key
role in the development of modern
sciences and technology for every 100
people applying only 7.3 will be
accepted, which makes it a very
competitive place, some of the world's
greatest inventions have been created by
their graduates like space war, the first
computer game the first portable fax
machine GPS and voice recognition
technology the MIT alumni have founded
many notable companies like boston
dynamics a robotics design company that
makes robots they can run jump and do a
lot of useful tests
oh excuse me how can you afford a car
like that let me make a symbol for you i
graduated from harvard
you can do it too it's right around the
corner
they say boston is a city of
neighborhoods so let's take a look at
different parts of the city let's start
with downtown it's the location of many
corporate headquarters restaurants
coffee shops and parks a lot of new
`condos and lofts` have been constructed
recently which brought new residents and
businesses but the biggest transformation was the project known as
the big dig, look we're entering a tunnel
and we're going to be driving under the
city this project `removed the elevated highways` put them on the ground and
replaced them with green spaces this is
what it used to be and this is what it
is now so much better, this was one of
the nation's most expensive highway
projects with a price tag of 14.8 billion dollars

downtown is nice and clean and it
doesn't have a lot of homeless people
there's some but not as many as i've
seen in other american cities
now let's take a look at beacon hill
it's one of the oldest historic
districts in america, federal style row
houses and cobblestone streets that are
illuminated with gas street lights and
it's within walking distance of the
city's financial district and government
center it's one of the most prestigious
districts and apartments here if you're
looking at a three-bedroom apartment in
that building it would start around
three million dollars can you believe
that you know all these street lights
are still running on natural gas
this is what people mean when they say
boston gives you a taste of europe in
the united states
walking along these narrow cobblestone
streets of beacon hill you sometimes
have to remind yourself that boston is
no longer an english colony
now let's take a look at back bay it's
another european-like city neighborhood
it's home to 50 000 people
elegant boulevards and victorian
brownstones numerous parks shops and
restaurants it has a reputation of being
one of the most affluent neighborhoods
this is where you find church of the
covenant trinity church and boston
public library some of the most
significant buildings in the country
[Music]
boston waterfront is a series of
walkway-lined wharfs on boston harbor
with marinas seafood spots and hotels it
has a lot of modern high rises it's a
nice part of town especially in the
summer months
lawn worth is a historic pier built in
1721
today it functions as a dock for
passenger ferries and sightseeing boats
you can choose to embark on sightseeing
cruises from here or visit the new
england aquarium
[Music]
fort point is a former industrial
district but now it's filled with
historic lofts house and art studios and
galleries
the boston children's museum on the
harbour walk marked by a giant hood milk
bottle in front draws families to its
interactive exhibits nearby the floating
boston tea party ships and museum
commemorates the 1773 protest
[Music]
i'm proud to say that this high-rise
building on the left is called russia
worth i had no idea but boston had a lot
of trade with russia in the 19th century
russia was supplying raw materials like
iron that the locals used to build ships
and did you know that the founding
fathers used russian goose quills to
sign the us constitution and the bill of
rights in 1809 boston had a russian
embassy and 39 ships from russia docked
at russia worth sadly they renamed the
building to atlantic world now shame on
them
nearby the seaport district once it was
an industrial wasteland filled with
parking lots today it's a modern area of
the south boston waterfront lined with
high-rise condominiums restaurants bars
and hotels
it's rapidly becoming one of the city's
hot spots to live especially for those
who don't mind the high-rise apartment
living
boston has a chinatown it's the only
survive in historic ethnic chinese
enclave in new england where you find a
lot of chinese and vietnamese
restaurants
and finally north end it's the oldest
part of boston and it's one of the last
remaining little italy neighborhoods in
america it's been the traditional home
to italian americans since the early
1900s
you're gonna find yourself in a maze of
narrow streets with some of the city's
oldest buildings it's home to the old
north church and paul revere's historic
home
not surprisingly you're gonna find a lot
of italian american restaurants bakeries
and grocery stores
make sure you try some cannoli at mike's
pastry where they come in more than a
dozen varieties we're going to be trying
some cannolis now this is deep chocolate
i like it
what's it like living in this part of
boston well i think the north end is the
best place to live in in all of boston
because this part of boston is the most
walkable and the most accessible to
public transportation do you own a car
and i do own a car
that is the downfall of living here
it is a huge downfall because we have if
you look at the signs we have street
cleaning
so you need to move your car every two
weeks
and if you don't you're ticketed and
towed but even with the permit it still
takes you some time to find the parking
spot it can take you an hour and a half
driving around are you serious it is
horrible boston has one of the highest
costs of living in the u.s
for example the average rent for a
two-bedroom place in back bay is 3 500
per month and 3 000 in beacon hill the
overall cost of living in boston is 47
higher than it is across the country it
is more expensive than chicago miami or
los angeles
a lot of people choose to live in the
suburbs of course our friend tom lives
40 minutes away from the city in a
lovely neighborhood it's got a nice
house with a pool and even though it's
raining we were having a blast we're
staying with our friend tom it's about
an hour outside of boston it's raining
outside what can you do you go swimming
right
oh nice weather
a visit to boston is not complete
without seeing the fenway park it's the
oldest professional baseball stadium
still in use today it has been home to
the red sox since 1912. the boston red
sox sell out almost every game since
winning the world series in 2018 for the
ninth time let me tell you the party
starts way before the game so before the
game it's a good idea to hit the bar and
grab a few drinks it's always good to
get one or two beers here because it's
going to be twice as much
once you go past those gates and go
inside the boston red sox is also known
as red sox nation
because there's so many of us
[Applause]
this baseball park is located in fenway
it's an urban community with a lot of
students and colleges around
when the red sox are playing in town the
traffic becomes a nightmare before and
after the game i was shocked that nearby
gas stations stopped selling gas and
turned into parking lots for the
duration of the game i was shocked so he
parked here at the gas station and it
cost him
fifty dollars
elena was saying
what do you why are they having us park
here right right because then no one can
get gas and i said
it's better for them to actually
rent out the the parking spaces than to
make more money that they make more
money than than doing the gas it's very
expensive to have a car in boston
yes and i don't recommend driving a
truck in boston you know that's a texas
car not a boston car
parking is already a challenge in the
downtown area because of how compressed
the city is many neighborhoods do not
offer off street parking and require a
residential parking permit
boston's reach history attracts 21
million visitors a year
being one of the oldest municipalities
in the u.s it's a city of many firsts
the first public park the first public
school the first subway system in the
nation and in the 21st century this is
the location where the first social
media network was created you may have
heard of it it's called facebook
one of the biggest attractions is the
freedom trail which is a three mile
trail all you have to do is follow the
red brick line and it will take you to
16 of colonial america's landmarks they
include the burial sites of paul revere
john hancock and samuel adams the old
state house and the faneuil hall a
renowned meeting place for
revolutionaries and abolitionists
one of the city's fine offerings is
boston dock tours that combines a street
tour with a splash in the charles river
we had a lot of fun
swimming in the charles is prohibited
but there's a lot of other things you
can do here you can rent a kayak or join
a sailing school and learn to sail
or ride an electric surfboard
the boston museum of fine arts is one of
the largest museums in america and
boasts one of the most comprehensive
collections on the continent 450 000
works of art
come here for first friday to enjoy
music cocktails and tapas with your dose
of fine art
boston tea party ships and museum takes
you on a tour of what life was like in
1773. it's a fun and interactive
experience and some tea tasting on top
of that
visit the old state house seen at the
boston massacre on july 18 1776 from its
balcony the declaration of independence
was read for the first time kids of all
ages will get a kick out of the museum
of science and the boston children's
museum
boston is one of the healthiest cities
in the country `green space accounts for 20 percent of the city` and you'll never
need to look far for some nature.
boston common the oldest public park in
the us and public garden are a treat in
all seasons and they host different
events all the time
and the boston harbor walk which is a
continuous 43 mile long walkway along
the shoreline is perfect for walking
running or cycling
food scene in boston is great whether
you prefer oysters lobster rolls or clam
chowder the city is located directly on
the atlantic coast and the seafood is
fresher here than almost anywhere else
in the country yeah so this is uh new
england clam chowder
um really famous here in boston because
we're actually at legal seafoods
new england clam chowder actually has a
cream to it there's a manhattan style
clam chowder that has a red sauce
and then there's a rhode island clam
chowder which has like a a brothy clear
sauce to it but this is the best
and don't forget about the historic
quincy market i know it's a little bit
touristy but it offers a lot of good
food options
and the boston public market in the
north end for some regional wine and
food stuffs every day of the week
if you love beer there are a lot of
local breweries but the most famous
local beer is samuel adams boston lager
boston beer company is the fourth
largest brewer in the nation and you can
visit their tap room in downtown to
sample a few beers from a great
selection cheers guys
not a lot of people think of boston as a
beach destination but it has some nice
city beaches like riviera beach pleasure
bay beach and carson beach just south of
the castle island
speaking of castle island it's a great
place for a day trip you can stroll
around on harbor walk swim and relax at
the beach and watch airplanes land and
take off from the nearby logan airport
here you can also visit ford
independence built in 1634 by the
british and enjoy some delicious food at
sullivan's restaurant
[Music]
boston might seem large from the outside
but you will quickly discover that it's
surprisingly small that's why 13 of the
population commutes by food
in 2016 33.8 of the households did not
have a car and used public transit for
their commute to work boston has the
oldest underground rapid transit system
in the us and it's also the fourth
busiest with 65.5 miles of tracks on
four lines
the subway system uses some of the
oldest tunnels in the nation and some
argue that the system is not as clean or
as efficient as it could be
red orange and blue lines are heavy rail
lines and green line is a light rail
system there's also buses commuter rail
networks and even water shuttles
traffic in boston is not the best option
because traffic is slow and parking is
extremely hard to find and it's pricey
is boston a safe city the whole time i
was there i felt completely safe but
numbers don't lie and according to
numbers boston has higher crime rate
compared to the national average
although it doesn't feel that way
it's a lot safer than chicago and
detroit of course and crime rate varies
greatly depending on the neighborhood
boston is one of the most liberal cities
in the nation sometimes people are so
liberal it catches you off guard just
listen to this conversation and you'll
get a pretty good understanding what
boston politics is all about you know
we're certainly not without our problems
we have a lot of you know a lot of
diversity issues the politics here is
old world politics you know it's very
white
so we now have um our mayor
she's actually a an african-american
which is the first time they've ever had
a woman
you know of any kind of color or
diversity this
elections are going to be really
interesting because they have four women
and one man and not one white male or
white boy
[Music]
is there a lot to do outside the city
boston is well positioned to provide you
with fantastic day trips and weekend
getaways to some great spots along the
atlantic coast you can reach the coast
of maine see the hudson valley explore
rhode island or relax in cape cod or
even visit new york city driving time is
around 5 hours
so let's sum it up boston offers
everything you can want in a big city
great universities plenty of outdoor
activities good public transportation
and a diversified economy
and the downsides are
relatively cold winters high cost of
living slow traffic and expensive
parking
so what do you think about boston guys
what are some other facts you know about
boston that are worth sharing please
share them in the comment section and
i'll see you in my next video thanks for
watching and hit that bell button so
you'll be notified about my future
videos thanks
[Music]
and we have tom with us today hey
how's it going viviet
gogula
[Music]
you